okay so just a property we've recently
completed on and it's a fantastic buy to
let damage when I give you a bit of an
idea in terms of the type of deal and
just give me a bit of a walk around
ready and show you and walk you through
as we kind of go around so I'll turn the
camera around we can have a look inside
okay so this is the walkthrough of the
three-bedroom flat that we've recently
just completed them so just to give you
a bit of an idea really in terms of the
condition kind of layout might help as
well but and just to show you the type
of things that kind of can be found
using some very simple techniques that
we cover kind of in the training for you
so this is a three-bedroom flat it was
actually left fully furnished which was
unusual but it's great for us that
obviously helps and even if we don't
kind of keep the stuff in there from a
rental perspective because generally
properties are provided on furnished and
we can use the furniture and stuff
elsewhere so it's not it's not
necessarily a bad thing as you can see
it's kind of small utility room or area
which is great and extra space is
storage for tenants it's not always card
properties or flats tends to have and it
can be a very quick kind of insight in
terms of what it looks like downstairs
so this is the you can see it's very
good condition and it's got a small kind
of reef Terrace section here goes down
so it's a little kind of balcony area
now this particular property should rent
for around 500 to 550 to working or and
local housing now as tenants the current
housing allowance rate for the area is
550 which is quite good considering the
price that we kind of purchased it for
we found the property using some
completely free techniques that we show
it selling the training and it's just on
a market with an estate agent
shortlisted a couple of properties came
to view this one put the other forward
and then it went through a negotiation
to completion all good then around two
months so quite a kind of quick study
timeframe it should
return around 15% net rental return
which is fantastic should have a fair
few thousand equity locked insert as a
deal as well from the negotiations that
we did on day one as you can see here
it's got kind of a it's in the district
centers he got car parking and also a
number of shops takeaways doctor surgery
things like that local so again great
for tenants as you can see closed-door
beds probably furnished so it's really
well looked after by the previous owners
and it's a great little deal really
that's it so just a quick kind of
walkthrough to show you the property
deal and then I'll give you a bit more
kind of information and there's a
write-up in terms of the anatomy of the
deal and and how its kind of been put
together how when you go she ate at it
and all that kind of good stuff and
obviously how we found it is all kind of
part of the property training that we do
as well